# Subtitle in English

The rapid development of terrestrial and space wireless communication applications has led to an increasing conflict between the limited spectrum resources and the rapidly growing demand for high-speed communication services. So, the development of new spectrum resources is becoming increasingly urgent. The terahertz band is extremely rich in spectrum resources and is the only spectrum gap that has not yet been fully developed and applied. Therefore, the development of terahertz communications is very important to meet the demand for ultra-high-speed wireless communications. However, terahertz communication faces problems such as difficult high-speed transmission, limited transmission distance, and difficulty in practicalizing the system. How to solve these problems has become an international challenge for the development of terahertz communications, and there is an urgent need to achieve innovations and breakthroughs in key technologies in the fields including chips of terahertz communications, signal processing methods and communication systems.

In this project, a high-speed wireless signal transmission system using 0.25 THz wave as carrier is developed. The system uses secondary frequency conversion transmission and direct detection reception as the basic architecture of the transceiver system. The baseband signal is encoded by the self-developed upper computer software, and the encoded signal is modulated and demodulated by the self-developed terahertz subharmonic mixer, terahertz direct detector and other high-performance terahertz devices. The signal transmission with baseband rate of 20 Mega bit per second and IF frequency of 433 MHz is realized. High-speed transmission of signals such as text and images is obtained over short and medium distances. A system architecture for direct modulation of SDI high-speed digital signals using terahertz carriers is further proposed. A highly sensitive digital transceiver system for high-speed wireless communication in terahertz with OOK modulation is developed. The key technical problems of high-speed video signal transmission in terahertz band are solved. 

The following is a demonstration experiment of the system.

This is a terahertz high-speed wireless communication system with 0.25 THz carrier wave. We use a secondary conversion architecture in the transmitter. First, we use our own software to convert the data into serial baseband signal, which is modulated by the modulator to obtain the IF signal and sent to the terahertz mixer for mixing and transmitting. The signal is reflected twice by a lens. A small IF signal is obtained by a terahertz detector and amplified by an RF LNA and then filtered. The signal is then sent to the IF signal demodulator obtain the digital baseband signal. After that, a self-coded software is used to recover the original information. 

During the transmission process, we displayed the IF LO signal at the transmitter as well as the received IF signal on the oscilloscope. The whole system will be demonstrated in the following by a picture transmission experiment.

As you can see, on the transmitter side we have loaded the image and configured the port. The corresponding configuration is also done on the receiving side. First press the receive button on the receiver. After pressing the transmit button on the transmitter, we will be able to see the transmit and receive IF signals on the oscilloscope. After the IF signal disappears, we will be able to see the recovered picture information on the receiving side. 

The transmission is successful.